- [Mr. Beast] I've
recreated every single set
from Squid Game in real life,
and whichever one of these 456
people survives the longest,
wins 456 grand.
(contestants cheering)
The first game we're gonna
play is red light, green light.
They have 30 minutes to cross the red line
on the other side of the huge room.
So without further ado, green light.
(tense music)
Red light.
(gun shot)
Oh, oh.
And as you can see,
every single player has a
device strapped to them,
that when they're eliminated, it pops.
Chris, you wanna have a chance at one?
- Red light.
(gun shot)
Oh, oh, no.
- I know for sure this guy moved.
Green light.
- Red light.
Oh yo, they're dropping.
Okay, now some people are getting out.
- You gotta get a better spot
for the next red light, right?
- Mmhmm.
- You're fine.
- 30 people have gotten out so far.
If they move right now, they're out.
They have to hold this position
until we say green light.
And I can take all the time I want,
'cause we still have 23 minutes left.
- We gotta get a green light going.
This guy's doing a full squat.
- Green light.
Green light.
Oh they all stopped.
Red light.
(gun shot)
Oh.
- I called it, I called it.
Oh no.
- Can you push my glasses up?
- Okay.
- Do it slowly though, be careful.
- Are you good?
- Yeah, perfect.
- Okay.
Green light.
Red light.
You're still moving.
She was jogging over here.
We're gonna go see who's in the very back.
You are in dead last.
What's going on?
- I let the others clear the path for me.
- You literally haven't even moved.
- Well, a couple steps.
- We'll see if it pans out, green light.
Yellow, red light.
Oh, that we got her,
the yellow light worked.
- Oh, that was diabolical to
throw a yellow light out there.
- Since 067 was a big part of the show.
I'll let you say green light.
- [All] Green light.
- Red light, yo, it would be
funny if she just got out.
As you can see, over 100
people have been eliminated.
Do the honors, Chandler.
- Green light, red light.
(gun shot)
- [Mr. Beast] Oh, that was a loud one.
- There it is, ay.
- Green light.
Red light.
Look how close they
are to the finish line.
It is do or die for most of these people.
Everyone look up at the TV.
You have four minutes and 20 seconds left.
- Yeah, that's the number.
- Green light, red light.
We have our first two finishers over here.
- Lets go!
- Green light, red light.
- Yes sir, baby.
Yes sir, baby.
- [Mr. Beast] All right,
we have five people across
the finish line now.
- [Chandler] You're all kind of screwed
if you don't run faster.
- Yep, you're right.
- Green light.
Red light.
- Only two minutes remain.
- Karl makes me way too nervous.
- Green light.
Red light.
- We have under one minute remaining.
Time's ticking, green light.
Red light.
You have stepped on
the line, you are good.
You're good.
- Lets go!
- Red light.
(gun shot)
It worked, it worked, we got em.
You're definitely out.
Dude, I knew that would work, green light.
Red light.
You're definitely, so
many of you just got out.
- They gotta run faster.
- They've gotta, you gotta sprint.
- Green light.
Green light.
I'm not even gonna say red light,
I'm not saying red light.
Ah, its too late.
Too late.
(crowd cheering)
- Whoa.
- Holy crap.
- Congratulations on surviving
red light green light.
(contestants cheering)
So if you look at this TV,
you'll see that only
(TV twinkling)
232 of you survived.
If you look above your head,
you'll see the $456,000
you're competing for.
And now let's move on to honeycomb.
In honeycomb, everyone gets a needle,
and a cookie with a different shape on it,
and they have 10 minutes
to remove the shape from the cookie.
But if they break the
shape, they're eliminated.
All right, so everybody
I'm gonna need you to get
in the line in front
of one of these question marks.
(tense music)
Why did you pick this one?
- Just like, the middle.
- Basically you don't think it's umbrella.
- There's an umbrella?
- Did you even watch Squid Game?
- So many of these people
are about to get out.
- Reveal shape number one.
(contestants cheering)
- Reveal the second symbol.
Look at how hype they're getting.
If I was you, I'd be
getting pretty nervous.
Reveal it!
(contestants cheering)
Chris, go for it.
- No!
- I know umbrella going home.
That's all I got to say.
- We got the circle. Thank God
we didn't get the umbrella.
(tense music)
- You look pretty nervous over here.
Even though you got the star,
you're the main character.
so you have plot armor, you're fine.
Start the timer.
The challenge is underway.
You just hear them all scraping.
- I hate my life.
- I was taking it out of the tin,
and it just snapped in half.
- Lets see it.
- It's working.
(clock ticking)
- Take your time.
- You had an umbrella?
- Yeah.
- Sorry bud.
- Look at this. We have
a successful triangle.
Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- Oh no.
- What Jimmy doesn't know
is I brought a lighter,
and I'm gonna drop it for somebody.
- What, what, what?
- One and a half minutes remaining.
(Yoshi licking sounds)
- Let's get it, baby.
Yeah, yeah.
- Oh my gosh, this is the first
perfect umbrella I've seen.
- Oh yeah, easy peasy.
- Whoo!
- Six, seven, okay, she passed.
She does have plot armor.
- [Woman] Almost there.
- So close, 30 seconds.
- Oh my God.
- Are you serious?
- Three, two, one.
Time is up.
- You did it?
You did the umbrella?
- And just like that,
all these players have been eliminated.
But don't worry because
they're all walking away
with $2,000 in cash.
142 of you survived honeycomb.
(crowd cheering)
And if you leave in the next five minutes,
I'll give you $4,000.
Let's weed out some of the weak people.
$4,000.
- Thank you.
- I was not expecting this many people.
There we go, head on out.
And with that,
I'm gonna need you all to
split up into groups of 10.
We had them form teams
because next up is tug of war.
- This could determine your chance
at half a million dollars.
- We needed the strongest
people and the smartest people.
We have intelligence, skill, and brawn.
- We trying to recruit the biggest people,
so we can get real
strong and pull the rope.
- Sorry, no girls allowed.
- Oh, no girls allowed, boo, okay.
- I just sent three people off.
We got 10 now let's go.
- Let's go!
- I should have taken the four grand.
- We now have 12 different
groups of 10 people.
Let's move on to the next game.
And now let's decide who faces who?
(contestants cheering)
Okay, we're gonna draw one from here.
Six, we'll just draw this one.
Five, okay.
Follow me to the bridge.
And now the moment
you've been waiting for.
A game of tug of war.
Team six versus team five.
- Team five on three.
One two, three, team five.
- You've fall in the
foam, or your flag crosses
to the other team's
side. You're eliminated.
Are you guys ready?
- [All] Yeah!
- Are you ready?
- All right, three, skip a few, go.
- Pull!
- Power!
- Oh, it's going to team five right now.
Team six is falling.
Somebody's right at the edge.
Dig, dig, dig, dig, dig.
(crowd cheering)
- Congratulations, team five,
you have all moved on.
Team number two versus team number seven.
(team cheering)
They seem happy.
Team seven and two head on out.
- You keep me alive,
we're gonna get the money.
(team cheering)
- Give it up, this team's winning.
- Go, oh, it's already on right side.
Hey, let's check in on 067.
In the show you won,
so let's see if it works here.
And Karl, we have 067.
You should just lose.
- Karl no, give them motivation.
- Pull!
- Its over here, it crossed.
(team cheering)
Sir, can you come over here?
Why don't you draw?
Don't look, grab one from
here, and one from here,
and then grab one from here.
Team number four versus team number 10.
(team cheering)
If I was you guys, I'd be terrified,
'cause they have 456.
He's literally the main character.
- Let's go!
- Three, two, one, go.
Oh, they're getting, oh.
Oh, it's going over to 456.
They're falling.
They're dropping
They all just fell.
Obviously we have no way of rigging it,
but 456 and 067 both survived tug of war.
Let's draw, oh boy.
Nine versus 11.
(crowd cheering)
In this game with team
nine versus team eleven,
they went so hard that this happened.
They are going all out, look at them.
Oh they're falling.
Don't let them.
Oh yes.
Oh, they broke the set.
They literally broke it.
You guys can move on.
Go ahead and head on now.
Tug of war took us from
120 people down to 60.
And remember, only one of
these people is walking away
with $456,000.
All right, everybody.
Can we have your attention?
As you guys know from Squid Games,
game number four is marbles.
(contestants cheering)
- I don't know if I'd be cheering,
because instead of letting
you pick your partner,
we're gonna make you partner
with your best friend.
Throughout this entire challenge,
we've been monitoring who
you've been talking to the most,
and we're gonna make you
partner up with them.
And only one of you can move on.
For example, 067 and 431.
- That's my best friend.
- According to this, you two
are roommates and best friends.
We did our research.
- I have to come home
to the house we live in
at the end of the day,
gonna be a bit awkward.
- Wouldn't be able to
do it without you, man.
- We couldn't have done
it without each other.
- I'm glad I'm with you at the end.
- [Mr. Beast] Everybody
gets a bag of 10 marbles,
and they have to agree
on a game to play it
against their best friend.
20 marbles lets them move on.
But by winning, they
eliminate their best friend.
Go ahead and start the timer.
You can play whatever game you want,
but you need 20 to leave.
A lot of pairs went with marble games
that were played in Squid Game.
- Odd.
- Even.
- Odd or even?
- Even on that side.
- What?
What game are you playing?
- We don't know.
One marble at a time,
it's gonna take all day.
- If you keep talking, it might.
- Okay.
- [Mr. Beast] And other
groups got creative.
- What is this game?
- We're throwing it at the bricks, right?
If you get the middle one
right there, that's one point.
But if you hit the bricks in the behind,
then its three points.
Everything else is no points
until the clock runs down,
Whoever has most points is the winner.
- All right, well good
luck with your game.
- But one group just
wanted to get it over with.
You're doing even odds for all of it.
Yo, he looks so intense.
- He's got one marble.
- Are you sure?
- Oh, he got it, oh my gosh.
Congratulations on winning.
I'll see you in the next round.
- You're good buddy, you're good, okay?
- I'm so sad.
- Why are you sad?
It's gonna be okay.
- We promised each other we were not gonna
screw each other over.
I didn't even know we
were gonna be this close.
- I'm doing this for my
family, but I'm nervous.
- Best man's gonna win.
- Best man win man.
- [Mr. Beast] Everybody,
you've got five minutes left.
- Don't look at me.
- They want to put
$465,000 Up to a coin flip.
- You had to make it sound like that, huh?
Tails.
- It's tails.
- Yo, oh no.
- Odd?
- I'll give you the honor of
eliminating your best friend.
- Oh no, that's even worse.
- Ah.
- Aww.
- It doesn't hurt.
Before I eliminate you,
I wanna let the viewers
know that someone random
that subscribes in the next
seven days is getting $10,000.
So if you haven't already,
hit the subscribe button okay?
- Can I do it?
- Go for it. Just hit right there.
- Oh.
- Don't fall, they're so dramatic.
So if you haven't already subscribe
and you could win 10 grand.
What game are we playing?
- Closest to the wall.
- A minute and 15 seconds remain.
When that hits zero, if you're in here,
you're eliminated.
- I have one more question to ask.
- What's up, man?
- You promise to remember me?
- Oh my gosh.
- What do you mean?
- You're literally both
about to get eliminated.
Oh, what was that?
- Why'd you do that?
- You sure?
- Yeah.
- He has been eliminated, thank you, sir.
- I love you, man.
- The time has hit zero.
Everyone in here is eliminated.
Congratulations on surviving marbles.
At this point in the real show,
there was an all out
brawl to thin the numbers.
So instead we're gonna play Ddakji.
You have to use this blue piece of paper
to flip that red one on
the ground by throwing it.
The first 16 of you to
flip your red square
moves on to glass bridge,
which is personally my favorite game.
Everyone throw.
Oh wow, we didn't even get anyone.
And while they're
fighting for their chance
in this competition, I wanna tell you guys
about Brawl Stars,
who helped fund this video,
which cost over three and
a half million dollars.
Thank you so much.
Throw.
- Yes!
- Brawl Stars is a mobile
game you can play at home,
on the go, in this
arena, wherever you want
against millions of
people across the world.
Oh, we got some.
Congratulations.
It's three minutes of
adrenaline filled mayhem,
and they have 12 different game modes,
including their own battle Royale,
which is kind of similar
to what we're doing here.
- Yes!
- Yeah, let's go.
- We have nine winners so far,
which means only seven places remain.
You said you played Brawl Stars?
- We both do.
- Oh, you both play Brawl Stars?
What are your thoughts on Brawl Stars?
- That it's pretty fun.
It's a mobile game, you can
download it on Android or Apple.
- I didn't tell him to say this.
- Lets go!
- Yeah!
- Yo, the main characters survived.
As you can see,
you see the Brawl Stars logo, he did it.
They have over 50 different
characters you can play as,
from a vintage driven robot
to a cactus named spike,
that kind of looks like Nolan.
- Hey.
- And like all our
contestants here are leaving
with $2,000 for free today.
Every single person that plays Brawl Stars
within the next seven days,
I will personally be
giving you a free prize.
So if you haven't already, go download it.
If you yell "Thank you, Brawl Stars."
Before you throw, I hear you'll flip it.
- [Contestants] Thank you Brawl Stars!
- Oh, it worked for him.
- Oh my God, it's true.
- Thank you, Brawl Stars.
- And for the 14 of you
that didn't flip it,
I'm gonna have to eliminate you.
Oh, that was so in sync, oh my gosh.
Now can all of you winners turn around.
Thank you, and now you
can turn around again.
We just filled the room with
16 different mannequins,
and here's the thing.
They're actually in a random order.
And the numbers on them are in Korean.
And the number they get here
is what order they have
to cross in glass bridge.
In a timely and orderly
fashion. You can all go.
First come, first serve.
What'd you get?
Oh, she got one.
Oh.
- 15, okay.
- All right, if you wanna
just go ahead and leave now.
Everyone has a vest with numbers,
let's go to glass bridge.
We are now at the glass bridge set,
and look at how insane this thing looks.
It is amazing.
And bring out the contestants.
I can't wait to see the
look on their faces.
- [Contestant] Oh, what?
Oh my God.
- Players, welcome to glass bridge.
(contestants cheering)
There is two platforms you can jump on.
One will drop you, and one will hold you.
Start the timer.
Begin the challenge.
- Okay.
- Let's go, girl.
- I'm sticking with the
guys I'm sticking with.
I'm sticking, I'm sticking.
- All right, she survived the first jump.
Okay, they are one for one so far.
- Go right?
- I'm always right.
- Okay.
- I don't know if I'd listen to Chris.
- Chris, this is on you.
- Hey, victory.
- We had our first loss.
If you're wondering where
she just fell, don't worry,
there's a giant foam pit
down there, she's fine.
Well now, now you know.
Now you know left.
- Come on, 13 Minutes guys.
- We now have three
people on the platform.
Only one out so far.
- I'm not moving.
I want somebody past eight
to take the next step.
- Past eight?
All right, I love that, yo.
- Hey. Three minutes has gone by.
- Is anybody willing to go?
Clock's ticking.
- [Mr. Beast] All right, let's see it.
(tense music)
- Come on, man.
You got this.
- Come on, Ted.
- Yes.
- Now go two.
Now you go.
- Come on two, you got this.
- I'll take the next one.
- All right, bro.
- Come on four, five, let's go.
- Let's go.
- Lets go, two.
Let's go, two.
Oh, you already knew that one.
- Oh, oh.
- Oh.
- You see how many I've gotten?
Take the next one.
- How many did you guess right?
- Three.
- Three?
- Yeah.
- Wow.
Yeah, honestly it's time
someone else steps up.
- Hey every second
somebody doesn't step up,
that's less time you got.
- Hey, if no one crosses,
I just keep the money.
- All right, three went for it.
- Three just got eliminated.
All right, two, he took the L for you.
- Adio time two.
- Hey honestly, hey two,
if you're three for three,
you might as well keep going.
Clearly, you're lucky.
- Oh my God, all right.
- [Mr. Beast] No pushing,
obviously, please.
- Come on.
- Two bit the bullet.
- Two's gone.
- Under eight minutes.
You've still got a ton of ground to cover.
- Yeah, he's good.
- I don't understand why number 10 went
in front of everyone.
That was dumb.
- Come on buddy.
- Yo did 10 make it again?
- All right, it looks like
number four is gonna go.
- Six minutes remaining.
- I'm doing this for the girls.
- Let's salute all the fallen people.
All right, continue.
Under five minutes left.
Tons of jumps.
This is gonna get intense.
- Oh, that was crazy.
- No ten's gone, no.
- [Mr. Beast] Another one gone.
- All right, don't move bud, don't move.
- I'm not moving.
- Your odds don't look
back there right now.
- Nah, I'm not moving.
I'm not moving.
- All right, just like
we thought would happen,
They're refusing to move.
Let's see who budges.
- I'm pretty good where I am.
- Lets go.
- You got it.
- Oh, he got it.
- All right, no, not a chance, come on.
- When are y'all big
numbers taking a chance?
- Under three minutes
with four jumps left.
- Somebody's gonna have to do it.
Y'all are in a real bad spot.
I'm not moving.
- What are y'all big numbers
taking a leap of faith?
- Hey, how are you doing back there, 15?
- Whatever, man, we could all lose.
- You guys better hurry up.
- They have two minutes,
why are they not rushing?
- If you go, I'll take the next one.
- All right.
- Come on.
- You jumping?
- Y'all really got me scared,
but hold up bro.
This is a real life decision.
- 90 seconds, one and a half minutes.
- Come on now, come on, come on, come on.
- Six.
- Jump, jump, jump.
Oh, you passed.
- I ain't moving, I am not moving.
Y'all, there's a God
telling me I'm not moving.
- One minute remaining.
Three jumps, one minute.
Hey, you guys in the back,
if you're not here when
it hits zero, you're gone.
- I took my leap of faith,
now I'm gonna stay right here and be cozy.
- Hurry, go.
- Y'all go.
- [Mr. Beast] It's just three.
(All clamoring)
- Take a leap of faith, come on, come on.
- You're up.
- I can't jump, they're in my way.
They're in my way.
- They're all crowded on that one.
- Hey, 30 seconds.
- Go, go.
- Go, take a leap of faith.
Go, go, go.
- One more jump.
20 seconds.
One more jump.
- I already jumped,
I'm not jumping I'm not jumping.
- 10, nine, eight, seven, six.
- Someone go.
- Let me go watch the replay real quick.
I'm gonna play the footage
and slowmo for the viewers.
As you can see,
the timer is on zero and
there were four people
still clearly on the platforms
when the timer hit zero.
The four people were
16, eight, 13, and five.
All right, so the four
losers, can you jump off?
Just jump, you're eliminated,
you're eliminated.
You're eliminated, get outta here.
Thank you for coming out.
And all of you are moving
onto the final game.
They're competing for $456,000, let's go.
Congratulations on
making it to the top six.
To celebrate, we made
you all steak dinners.
Now, unlike the show,
this isn't a real knife,
this is plastic.
But, you do have steak.
Everyone make sure you eat up,
so you have plenty of
energy for this final game.
- I'm thinking about winning
all of that money right now.
I'm probably give most of
it to my family, friends.
- That money's coming home with me,
giving $100K straight to my mama.
- I'm feeling great, it's
just blessed to be here.
- I'm gonna pull through,
I'm definitely donating
about 10,000 to TEAMSEAS,
which all of you should
if you have the means.
- I won't fold under no pressure.
I'm not worried about none of these five.
Ain't nobody got nothing
on me, so I'm good.
- You wanna just go settle
this with the final game?
- Let's do it.
- Yeah, let's do it.
- Welcome to the final
game of Beast Games.
So I think you guys can piece together
what we're about to play.
- Musical chairs.
- Musical chairs, yeah.
Let's test my hypothesis,
raise your hand if you know
how to play Squid Game.
Exactly, that's why we're
doing musical chairs instead,
because we're not Korean, start circling.
Start the music.
Karl, you can stop it whenever you want.
Karl do not look.
Chris, don't look.
Karl isn't looking so we can't be biased.
All right, let's see what happens.
Oh, oh he got it.
- I got more, man.
I'm pretty sure.
- He's way more.
I'm sorry about that.
Oh no.
- Sorry bro.
- Bring the coffin over here.
Hop on in the coffin.
He has officially been
eliminated, and five remain.
This chair is now gone.
Karl, start the music.
(ominous music)
Okay.
You have full...
Oh, hold on, hold on.
No more moving, come over here.
No why'd you get up?
- Nah, he had it.
He had it.
- At least he is honest.
Oh my gosh.
And while they're coffining
him up, play the music.
(ominous music)
Okay.
The music has begin.
$456,000 on the line.
- It's about to happen at any second.
- Oh man, oh, you sat.
Oh no.
- He sat early, he sat early.
- Karl did not stop the music.
Bring out the coffin, I'm
gonna have to pop you.
Man, that's such a sad way to go out.
- It was a great journey, I loved it.
It was so fun.
- Hop on in the coffin.
All right. Now you can't
say this is scripted.
Good luck.
(ominous music)
Okay.
The music has started.
Three people, two chairs.
One must go.
Keep it moving now.
You gotta keep moving.
Gotta keep moving.
Oh no.
- Yes!
- They were against me.
They were against me bruh.
- Oh my God.
- They plotted on me.
- You have been eliminated.
Open up the coffin.
Thank you for coming out, man.
- No problem.
- I loved your energy.
at the start of this
video, we had 456 people.
Now we're down to these two.
- Yeah!
- Okay, I'm gonna take
this chair right here.
You guys gotta keep
moving the entire time.
No stopping and hovering.
This will determine which
one of you wins 456 grand,
Karl, kick the music on.
(ominous music)
Hey, let it play
a little bit, Karl.
Lets let them soak in it.
Karl's not looking at them.
He has no idea where
they are on the chair.
- Somebody's gonna get $456,000
because you pause the music.
- Oh boy.
Oh, this is, oh the intensity.
When will he pause it?
When's he gonna pause it?
- Yo, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!
Oh, my God!
- If it makes you feel better,
I'm gonna give you $10,000
for coming in second place.
- Oh, you're kidding me.
- No.
And with that 079, you just want $456,000,
and officially won the very first
Squid Game in real life ever.
Congratulations on winning.
If you haven't already,
hit the subscribe button,
you have seven days to win $10,000.
And obviously massive shout out
to the creator of Squid Game.
We took huge inspiration from the show,
and I genuinely appreciate you, goodbye.
♪ Mr. Beast ♪
♪ Oh ♪